Migration guide (#198)
ReactiveBayes/GraphPPL.jl: docs/src/migration.md

- The `randomvar` and `datavar` syntax is no longer needed. `GraphPPL` is able to infer the type of the variable based on the way in which it is used.
- The `n` parameter is no longer needed. The size of the variable `x` is inferred from the size of the variable `y`.
- We are no longer required to extract the mean and covariance of our prior distribution using the `MvNormal(μ = mean(x0), Σ = cov(x0))` pattern. Instead, we can pass a prior and call `x_prev ~ prior_x` to assign it to an edge in the factor graph.
- The data `y` is passed as an argument to the model. This is because of the support of nested models in version `4.0`. In the [Nested models](#nested-models) we elaborate more on this design choice.

### Vectors and arrays

As seen in the example above, we can assign `x[i]` without explicitly defining `x` first. `GraphPPL` is able to infer that `x` is a vector of random variables, and will grow the internal representation of `x` accordingly to accomodate `i` elements. Note that this works recursively, so `z[i, j]` will define a matrix of random variables. GraphPPL does check that the index `[i,j]` is compatible with the shape of the variable `z`.

### Factor aliases

> In version `4.0`, we can define factor aliases to define different implementations of the same factor. For example, in `ReactiveMP.jl`, there are multiple implentations of the `Normal` distribution. Previously, we would have to explicitly call `NormalMeanVariance` or `NormalMeanPrecision`. In version `4.0`, we can define factor aliases to default to certain implementations when specific keyword arguments are used on construction. For example: `Normal(μ = 0, σ = 1)` will default to `NormalMeanVariance` and `Normal(μ = 0, τ = 1)` will default to `NormalMeanPrecision`. This allows users to quickly toggle between different implementations of the same factor, while keeping an implementation agnostic model definition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In version `4.0`, we can define factor aliases to define different implementations of the same factor. For example, in `ReactiveMP.jl`, there are multiple implentations of the `Normal` distribution. Previously, we would have to explicitly call `NormalMeanVariance` or `NormalMeanPrecision`. In version `4.0`, we can define factor aliases to default to certain implementations when specific keyword arguments are used on construction. For example: `Normal(μ = 0, σ² = 1)` will default to `NormalMeanVariance` and `Normal(μ = 0, τ = 1)` will default to `NormalMeanPrecision`. This allows users to quickly toggle between different implementations of the same factor, while keeping an implementation agnostic model definition.

!!! note
     This feature works only in the combination with the `~` operator, which creates factor nodes. Therefore it cannot be used to instantiate a distribution object in a regular Julia code.
```

### Nested models

The main difference between version `3.1` and `4.0` is the support for nested models. In version `4.0`, models can be nested within each other. This allows for more complex models to be built in a modular way. The following example demonstrates how to nest models in version `4.0`:

```julia
@model function kalman_filter_slice(y, prev_x, new_x, A, B, Q, P)
    new_x ~ MvNormal(μ = A * prev_x, Σ = Q)
    y ~ MvNormal(μ = B * x, Σ = P)
end

@model function state_space_model(y, A, B, Q, P)
    x[1] ~ MvNormal(zeros(2), diagm(ones(2)))
    for i in eachindex(y)
        y[i] ~ kalman_filter_slice(prev_x = x[i], new_x = new(x[i + 1]), A=A, B=B, Q=Q, P=P)
    end
end
```

> Note that we reuse the `kalman_filter_slice` model in the `state_space_model` model. In the argument list of any `GraphPPL` model, we have to specify the Markov Blanket of the model we are defining. This means that all interfaces with the outside world have to be passed as arguments to the model. For the `kalman_filter_slice` model, we pass the previous state `prev_x`, the new state `new_x`, the observation `y` as well as the parameters `A`, `B`, `Q` and `P`. This means that, when invoking a submodel in a larger model, we can specify all components of the Markov Blanket. Note that, in the `state_space_model` model, we do not pass `y` as an argument to the `kalman_filter_slice` model. `GraphPPL` will infer that `y` is missing from the argument list and assign it to whatever is left of the `~` operator. Note that we also use the `new(x[i + 1])` syntax to create a new variable in the position of `x[i + 1]`. Since `y` is also passed in the argument list of the `state_space_model` model, we could have written this line with the equivalen statement `x[i + 1] ~ kalman_filter_slice(prev_x = x[i], y = y[i], A=A, B=B, Q=Q, P=P)`. However, to respect the generative direction of the model and to make the code more readable, we use the `new(x[i + 1])` syntax.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that we reuse the `kalman_filter_slice` model in the `state_space_model` model. In the argument list of any `GraphPPL` model, we have to specify the Markov Blanket of the model we are defining. This means that all interfaces with the outside world have to be passed as arguments to the model. For the `kalman_filter_slice` model, we pass the previous state `prev_x`, the new state `new_x`, the observation `y` as well as the parameters `A`, `B`, `Q` and `P`. This means that, when invoking a submodel in a larger model, we can specify all components of the Markov Blanket. Note that, in the `state_space_model` model, we do not pass `y` as an argument to the `kalman_filter_slice` model. `GraphPPL` will infer that `y` is missing from the argument list and assign it to whatever is left of the `~` operator. Note that we also use the `new(x[i + 1])` syntax to create a new variable in the position of `x[i + 1]`. Since `y` is also passed in the argument list of the `state_space_model` model, we could have written this line with the equivalen statement `x[i + 1] ~ kalman_filter_slice(prev_x = x[i], y = y[i], A=A, B=B, Q=Q, P=P)`. However, to respect the generative direction of the model and to make the code more readable, we use the `new(x[i + 1])` syntax. Note, however, that the underlaying representation of the models in `GraphPPL` are still undirected.
```

```julia
@constraints begin
    for q in kalman_filter_slice
        q(new_x, prev_x, y) = q(new_x, prev_x)q(y)
    end
end
```
This pushes the same constraint to all instances of the `kalman_filter_slice` submodel. Of course, we'd like to have more flexibility in the constraints we can specify. Therefore, we can also specify constraints on a specific instance of the submodel. For example:
```julia
@constraints begin
    for q in (kalman_filter_slice, 1)
        q(new_x, prev_x, y) = q(new_x, prev_x)q(y)
        q(new_x) :: Normal
    end
end
```
This pushes the constraint to the first instance of the `kalman_filter_slice` submodel. With this syntax, we can specify constraints on any instance of a submodel. 

The function syntax for constraints is still supported. For example:
```julia
@constraints function ssm_constraints(factorize)
    for q in kalman_filter_slice
        if factorize
            q(new_x, prev_x, y) = MeanField()
        else
            q(new_x, prev_x, y) = q(new_x, prev_x)q(y)
        end
    end
end
```

> ## Meta specification

Reviewer: We can note that `@meta` syntax is now more sophisticated and allows named tuple to add more properties, not only `meta`. This is important because now we cannot write 
```
x = randomvar() where { prod_constraint = ... }
```
in the model and it must be done via `@meta` instead.

The meta specification follows exactly the same structure as the constraints specification. Nested models in the `@meta` macro are specified in the same way as in the `@constraints` macro. For example:
```julia
@meta begin
    for meta in some_submodel
        GCV(x, k, w) -> GCVMetadata(GaussHermiteCubature(20))
    end
    y -> SomeMetaData()
end
```        

> # Notable differences

Reviewer: I would change this to something like "Removed functionality".

- The `datavar`, `randomvar` and `constvar` syntax is deprecated. `GraphPPL` is able to infer the type of the variable based on the way in which it is used.

> - Specifying constraints in the `where` clause of a node is depracated. `where` can still be used to pass metadata to the inference backend, but constraints should be specified in the `@constraints` macro.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Specifying factorization constraints in the `where` clause of a node is no longer possible. The `where` syntax can still be used to specify metadata for factor nodes, but factorization constraints can only be specified with the `@constraints` macro.
```
